---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Collegeboard 2015 MCQ 
description: Reflection on the questions that I missed on the collegeboard quiz
type: hacks
courses: { csa: {week: 19} }
---

## Question 24
The reason that II and III can be added to the class without creating a compile time error is because they are new methods with new signatures. In the case of I that method it's actually a change to an existing method so everything that uses that class would need to be recompiled.

## Question 34
The condition code of k != sizeOfList - 1 would not work with the length set differently for answer choice C. Given the "expression" code is set the way that it is, the "condition" code is set check for the variable sizeOfList -1. This is important because the for loop starts at k = 0.

## Question 36 
Binary search when implemented correctly eliminates half of the array each iteration, so it should take 11 iterations.

## Question 37
Option III apparently works, even though it is messy and not as easy as it could be. The first loop only works because this loop will process three times before (k <= words.length / 2). First pass Length is 5 - 0 - 1 = 4. Variable "temp" assigns "Car" to it. Next pass 5 - 1 - 1 = 3 Variable "temp" appends "House" to it. Next pass 5 - 2 - 1 = 2 Variable "temp" appends "Gorilla" to it.

## Question 39

I just reversed the lines of the output. When calling the "set" method on the students list the element that previously existed at the specified index is returned. This is why the first output that you see is "Bob" when it's replaced with "Alex" and "Carl" when it's replaced with "Alex".
